Let's continue working on our autocomplete inputs at this point.
We are calling fetch data inside of the on input function.
Let's make sure that we return some usable data from that data.
Once we get some usable data back we'll then make sure that we iterate over it.
And for every movie we fetch we'll try to render out some content onto the screen.
After that we'll then start to think about how we can select a video and by actually clicking on it.
Let's make sure that we actually get some data back from batch data.
Let's take a look at the fetch data implementation.
Here it is right here right now at the very end of the function we're just console logging out our data
which is not very useful.
Instead we should probably return all the data that we have fetched but more importantly we need to
make sure that we only return the actual real data that we care about.
Let me show you what I mean by that.
If I go backwards my browser right now and do another search I'm going to see a console log of all the
data that we get back inside of our request.
So this is the console dot data property.
It is an object that has a search property inside of it.
That is an array of objects.
So you and I don't really care about the response property.
We don't really care about total results.
All you and I really care about is the search property.
So from that fetch data we should really only be returning the search property and nothing else.
So I'm going to go back over to find fetch data.
I'm going to remove that console log and I will replace it with return response dot data dot search
and some using a capital S right here.
That is definitely not standard usually in JavaScript.
We always have every variable proceeding with a lowercase letter like so.
The only reason I'm using an uppercase as right here is that the response that we actually get back
in this API has a capital S in it and that's actually true with many of the different properties that
we're going to see coming back from the API this is very much non-standard in nature.
So it is way more standard on any API to see all these different property names with lowercase letters.
So in general you should expect to see lowercase letters at the start of every property name.
It just happens that this API author decided to use uppercase instead.
So unfortunately we have to follow that same convention at some locations inside of our code okay.
So now whenever we call batch data we're going to get back our array of different movies we fetched
to inside of an input.
Let's make sure that we take whatever comes out of that data and assign it to a variable.
So let's say const movies is much data and then right after that we'll do another console log of movies
if we save this and run it we're going to very quickly see something unexpected.
So of course let's do that right away.
I'll flip back over refresh I'll run it again.
Now I see a console log of a promise.
So what's going on here.
I'm seeing a promise instead of an array of movies which is what I kind of expected to see.
Well remember fetch data is an async function.
We marked it with the async keyword.
So whenever we call fetch data it's going to take some amount of time to actually process this request
and then eventually return the data that we get back.
Right now when we call fetch data we are treating it as though it were a synchronous function.
So if we want to somehow wait on fetch data to actually get some data and get access to the response
we have to treat it as though it were in async function.
So in other words we need to put the await keyword right in front of it.
And now because we are using the awake keyword inside the on input function we have to mark that function
as being async as well.
OK.
So let's save this and try to run it again I refresh and put in Avengers.
Now I can see it my list of different movies being printed out.
OK.
So that's definitely better.
All right now though we've got our data inside of an input.
Let's take another quick pause when we come back the next video.
We're going to start to iterate over our list of movies and turning each one into a snippet of HD PML
and then throw it onto our document.